AI Usage Journal
Kevin Miele
kmiele@terpmail.umd.edu
Section: 0302

Week 1

My main source of AI for this week is ChatGPT. I have not used the other AI services yet but I plan to as the course moves forward. 
So as I was going over the week 1 exercises, I used ChatGPT to refresh on some concepts of Python I have not used for a while.
For example, I needed a reminder on how to print a float integer and change its decimal place. I really liked how chatGPT created useful options for me even when I was looking for only one specific function.
The other options helped me go back to them and use them when I found a similar problem on a later exercise. Here is my chat history so far, it converted our conversation into a PDF: https://drive.google.com/file/d/17_Uql80hFCkoxHgMyrS_V6fm2zFhmXO3/view?usp=sharing
Overall I had a great experience with AI and I will test the other AI services to see which works best for me.

Week 2

My main source of AI was still ChatGPT this week. I still havent had the chance to use the other AI services I mentioned during week 1 but I am promising myself that I will use a different source. The week 02 exercises were a bit more challenging for me and I had to review the concepts of a lot of python functions like loops, index, append, and remove. The concepts themselves are easy to understand, but when it comes to incorperating them into lists it can be difficult if you want a specific detail to be added or removed. After week 2's exercises I can definitely see how lists are used to keep track of inventory. I believe that many of these functions will be used with my teams project.

Week 3

I used Claude more this week and also used it to help me with math equations. I think it has better visuals compared to chat GPT which helps me because I am a visual
learner. With the recent reviews I notice that I am falling a bit behind on some python concepts, and I plan to really focus on my weak points and keep practicing and
improving. I think the most important thing about learning to code is practice. Sometimes I get too lazy and I only spend a short amount of time coding, when there
are a lot more things to explore and learn when it comes to python.

Week 4

I went back to Chat GPT and used it to help with some of the class and objects exercises. What is really helping me is using the study option in ChatGPT so that it
goes over a concept step by step to make sure you understand. I like how ChatGPT can ask me questions to check my understanding. I also having been using 
a textbook to help me understand classes and objects. Python Crash Course third edition by Eric Matthes has really been helping me. What I do is I go over 
each example and write it myself in Python. I am trying to practice in Python for at least 1 hour a day. What I want to test out next is if ChatGPT can design 
a game using Python code without my input and with only my ideas. I saw a YouTube video once where someone used AI to create a horror game from scratch.

Week 5 

For this week I had ChatGPT explian a lot of the functions and concepts I needed to better understand the group project and this weeks exercises.
One of the best things that ChatGPT did for me is with me and my groups project on financial data, such as customer transactions and other user data, I wanted
ChatGPT to come up with a hypothetical assumption of what the user_input would be like. It gave me a good example, with data that was legible but ultimately
needed to pass through the functions intended for the project. It contained common user input errors like extra spaces and different formatting with data such as
dates and transaction names such as Starbucks and Amazon.

Week 6

This week I used AI using Googles search engine. Whenever there is a python concept I need to review again, I use Google because of the AI summary it uses. 
I find it very useful because it creates good coding examples. It helped me a lot to complete this week's exercises. There are some cons however, because sometimes
you will get conflicting definitions of things, or have information spoiled for you. For example, I have a friend who is watching the Walking Dead television series, 
and when she went to look up information on a certain character, 
the AI summary showed a spoiler without warning. Sometimes Google gives a quick answer
faster than ChatGPT, especially when you have a quick and easy question, such as the uses of a specific python function.

Week 7

This week I used some of chatGPTs studying feature in order to review some coding concepts while completing this weeks exercises. 
I had a math exam so I was also using chatGPT to help me create practice problems. I think when it comes to python practice problems, chatGPT is more accurate.
ChatGPT can solve math equations, but the way the AI solves them can get very confusing. I had ChatGPT create a list of some of the most important concepts I needed
to review. What I like about ChatGPT is its memory, because towards the end of the semester it can give me an overall summary of my strengths and weaknesses
when it comes to python coding. I can practice the concepts I struggle with the most over the summer.

Week 8

This week I struggled a lot with errors in my code. I used ChatGPT to help me debug, but I kept running into errors. I eventually figured out that the issue
was not refreshing the classes that are defined at the beginning of the exercises file. When a long period of time passes, you have to run the cell again
one in a while to have the code recognize certain classes and functions. At some moments I got frustrated because I didnt know what I was doing wrong, but then
I figured out the solution. Problems like the one I encountered happened to me before. I think another great skill of programming is patience.
